hi guys so I am back with another quick
little project share I was watching a
video on YouTube the other day and um
I've seen I'll find a link and i'll put
it in the link below but i seen a lady
making one of these little things these
little um books but there was like this
and it was just a little book and you
opened it up and it had little flaps and
everything and you used it using the
stack the deck hinge system but instead
of cutting down the to make the hinges
you left the papers long and they
created pages so i made one like that
i'll put down the paper collection for
this but I think it's Susan right um
Susan Wright is who made this I think I
don't know so you open it up like this
and it's all made out of card stock and
then you have that and then you have
another flap and then hold this this way
and then you have two pages and then it
has another flap so it holds some nice
sized photos and then again another flap
and another flap but it's very quick and
easy like I took maybe two hours to make
this one but then it didn't have this it
was just the book but then I decided I
started looking at it I like I could
make it until like a little handbag so
that's what I did I just made a little
handle I put some eyelets here and then
i put a little flour i put these little
corners down below and it looks and i
made a magnetic closure and you can
still see the wire for up for the for
the army little handle but i thought
that was really cute
the way it looks like a little handbag
so then I started thinking and I was
like let me try making one with
chipboard instead of all cardstock and
this is what I came up with and this one
is for more substantial because it is
chipboard so I just I took a piece of
and this collection is Mariposa I think
it's dcwv and I had these things here
these um oh I forget what you call oh I
forget what you call them these little
frames and i just cut some of the paper
sorry about the shadow I cut some of the
paper and then I ghost glossy accented
and then I had these little things here
stickers but they like the puffy
stickers and I just put that there I put
some corners and then I put some metal
flowers there and then all another
flower and then I put the UM the little
I made a little handle with some beads
and then on the side i made some charms
i put some charms hangings and this one
is a little mirror and little beads and
little keys and then you open it up and
this one says believe and then it's like
this and this one I put too little on
keys there and then this one opens and
as hell by a magnet and then have that
one I made a little pocket here and I
just wrote some it took some cards hello
and little notes for journaling because
it is a little mini album you can't
really put embellishments because if not
it's going to be too snug little close
right so you have to keep it simple
then I use this one here with the cute
little bird in a bird cage this paper
collection was really pretty and then
again another tag see how pretty that
paper is this one has the script and so
that goes in there and then this one
flips up and I just put a little tag
here for writing a little something then
another this one a whole full 4 x 6 p.m.
photo so there's not you don't even need
to crop these and then another again
with a little tag in there and then
again and then the back side and just
has a little tag
and I thought this was really cute if
you guys are interested I'm going to
write down the tutorial anyway I'm going
to find it and put the link down below
but if you guys would like to see a
tutorial for me then I can do it with
the chipboard I can do that for you and
then in the back all I did was use one
of these fell agrees and then i put a
little metal flower there and a little
bling in the center and then i gave it a
little too some feats at the bottom so
the handbag will stand and let me see if
i can give you a better picture with the
charms
so it'll be cute to hang somewhere or
just to have it sitting um I'm a I'm a
coffee table or something so that is thy
project share guys let's see that is my
project share i hope you guys enjoyed
and let me know if you guys like these
videos like soaping and crafting because
i can always you know put both of them
in there so yeah just let me know what
you guys prefer to to see alright guys
thanks for watching and I'll talk to you
in the next video bye